resource_control: add set resource group and resource group hint (#12866)
pingcap/docs: information-schema/information-schema-resource-groups.md

```

```sql
SHOW CREATE RESOURCE GROUP rg1; -- Display the definition of the rg1 resource group
```

```sql
+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| Resource_Group | Create Resource Group                                         |
+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| rg1            | CREATE RESOURCE GROUP `rg1` RU_PER_SEC=1000 PRIORITY="MEDIUM" |
+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM information_schema.resource_groups WHERE NAME = 'rg1';
```

```sql
+------+------------+----------+-----------+
| NAME | RU_PER_SEC | PRIORITY | BURSTABLE |
+------+------------+----------+-----------+
| rg1  |       1000 | MEDIUM   | NO        |
+------+------------+----------+-----------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

The descriptions of the columns in the `RESOURCE_GROUPS` table are as follows:

* `NAME`: the name of the resource group.
* `RU_PER_SEC`：the backfilling speed of the resource group. The unit is RU/second, in which RU means [Request Unit](/tidb-resource-control.md#what-is-request-unit-ru).

> * `PRIORITY`: resource groups are prioritized during execution. Different resources are scheduled according to the `PRIORITY` setting. Tasks with high `PRIORITY` are scheduled first. For resource groups with the same `PRIORITY`, the higher the `RU_PER_SEC`, the higher the priority. If `PRIORITY` is not specified, the default priority is `MEDIUM`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `PRIORITY`: resource groups are prioritized during execution. Different resources are scheduled according to the `PRIORITY` setting. Tasks with high `PRIORITY` are scheduled first. For resource groups with the same `PRIORITY`, tasks will be scheduled proportionally according to the `RU_PER_SEC` configuration. If `PRIORITY` is not specified, the default priority is `MEDIUM`.
```
